Good work from you! Clearly explained the mathematical meaning of Helmholtz free energy, however, I think you can also mention Gibbs free energy to make a comparison between these two. Also, perhaps the meaning behind it can also be elaborated. For instance, what does the free energy really imply in the real world apart from just mathematical explanation. For you Q3, very deep concepts and words about physics and biology are introduced here! I cannot really follow up, ha-ha. But it does give me a brief understanding about how things work. Well done!!
For question 3, you give the actual calculation steps involved in user activity. It is elaborated well to each function of items, such as spectral analysis. Thanks to the advanced development of information technology, we can get the data practically from computer software. It is still quite interesting to know more about the calculation process, such as related code, formulas. Internet is closed linked with mathematics. I am inspired to read your post. Thank you!
I understand that I (X; Y) will be maximum as the knowledge about the post of X and Y are the same. I am just thinking is it possible for them to fully exchange the information? As it may have some knowledge that is impossible to deliver through any means (e.g. experience). Let us say when someone asks you how to solve a problem in an assignment, it sometimes quite difficult to explain to classmates as the knowledge is already absorbed and cannot structurally be presented in language. Also, I am not sure why after the whole class absorbs each other post (assume the class only have two-person X and Y), H(X|Y) and H(Y|Y) will become 0. Is it because both H(X) and H(Y) are the same so that given H(Y), there is no entropy for H(X)?
For question 2, it would be better if you can also explain the physical meaning of H(X), H(Y), H(X|Y), H(X|X), H(Y|X) and H(Y|Y) since I am a little bit confused. And for the ideal case, I do not understand why H(X|X) = H (Y|Y) = H(X|Y) = H(Y|X) = 0. If the same class receive the same information and everyone has the same understanding, H(X) = H(Y), but why are H(X|X) and H(Y|Y) 0?
